[MRG] Add common test and estimator tag for preserving float32 dtype in transformers (#16290)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/develop.rst

    ``make_blobs(n_samples=300, random_state=0)``. These datasets and values
    are based on current estimators in sklearn and might be replaced by
    something more systematic.
    
preserves_32bit_dtype (default=``False``)

>     whether the transformer preservers ``np.float32`` if given as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    whether an estimator preserves `np.float32` if given as input.
```

Reviewer: do we want only this test for the transformer? It should be added that this does not apply to clustering method.

Reviewer 2: Well I think testing transformers is a starts, I'm not sure what other estimators this could apply to.

    are based on current estimators in sklearn and might be replaced by
    something more systematic.

> preserves_32bit_dtype (default=``False``)

Reviewer: Actually, the common test is a bit broader than only preserving 32 bits. I think that we should go with the tag `preserves_dtype` which should be an array of dtype which will be preserved. By default, it will be only 64 bits

so in short

```suggestion
preserves_dtype (default=``['float64']``)
```

and one could give `['float64', 'float'32', 'float16']`

Author: great idea!
